What are the trait(s) of interest in our simulation?
  What traits do plants have in the simulation?
    
  What traits do pathogens have in the simulation?


Assume one plant trait of interest is the ability of the plant to narrow potential pathogens. Some plants might be great at narrowing 
potential pathogens and only have one pathogen species that attacks them. Others might not narrow potential pathogens at all, and be 
susceptible to infection by all pathogen species. Other plants might be in between, susceptible to infection by just a few species. 
What is the benefit of being susceptible to many pathogens? Said another way, what is the cost of narrowing potential pathogens? 
We expect there should be some tradeoff, but what is the tradeoff?
From the viewpoint of the pathogens, what do pathogens lose by being generalists? What do specialist pathogens gain by being specialists?


Assume we are developing a pairwise invasion plot (PIP) for a trait of interest in the model. 
Sketch out the axes, which should be the resident trait value and the invader trait value.
Using the PIP, we can think about competing different “strategies” or trait values. 
Each strategy can be thought of as a different species. If the resident and invader both have the same 
trait value or “strategy”, then we expect that they will do equally well. For our model, reason through what we
might expect to happen in the two extreme cases, which are (1) the top left corner of the PIP plot and (2) the 
bottom right corner of the PIP plot. Do you think that the invader trait would be able to grow and succeed in an 
environment full of residents in each case, and why do you think that would happen? There are no right or wrong answers – 
this is just an educated guess. Hopefully we will be able to definitively answer this question with our research in future weeks!
Imagine that we are able to make a PIP plot for a trait of interest, and we find a trait value that is an evolutionary 
stable strategy. What would this mean in the context of the Janzen-Connell hypothesis and our model?
Imagine that we make a PIP and see a region of coexistence. What would this mean in the context of the Janzen-Connell hypothesis and our model?
